Help again.
So no as you see the Windows 7 migrated from.
I want to Isak's I too know it exist in E6 I do.
And the other part is on mission machines did in E6.
I won.
So for example we want to get an overload in four to six i.e. too with going to power a modern machine.
That's yes I do.
And in that case the defense will start migrating up between the machine from this host to another host
to get our good balance in in a cluster.
So we parted on this virtual machine
will take all little time just show up
of console.
We see it in the console point.
It would be following up on.
So how does it do windows thought about it on the e6.
I number one start getting overloading
so its stock onstream memory is excite you also keep consuming the memory.
The Windows 7 exist in Isak's.
I threw the Windows XP into it.
I want and also do Windows XP exist in is x.
I want to have two machine Isak's one and one machine.
Yes I do.
So we should see an over loading in one of those that your machine and do the rest should start migrating
one of those virtual machines to another host.
So for example lets power off do Windows 7 exist in is x.
I host.
So will have zero machine potted on it is x.
I Harsin them Perdo But I mean we have free space inside.
And then we shall take one of those spotted machine from E6.
I host number one and migrate you to do is X I hold them virtual.
So let's get inside this one.
We try to power off this machine.
So like dots we click shut down.
The other wants to bring it on
OK the machine stockpot it off while our own virtual machine.
And this one would be pulling it off
and we shall see a migration to one of those top machine from Isak's.
I want to excite you or is excite me.
He chose the best one.
But in this situation we had to do what is three we check the resource of this is exciting.
So it's still constituted a memoir.
For the ethics I operate in system so the virtual machine number four and number five still run in is
I want and do Windows 7.
You just bought it on E6.
I do.
So it's consumes Zettel.
This one costing about 100 gigabytes of rain is excite to also assume about 300 of megabytes or 400
megabytes offering.
So this one is part of the oath let's close it.
This wants to on it on and we shall see.
Our hot nigger nation.
So let's give it a little time.
So the Windows 7 is bolted on.
If we try to run some task right there for example we try to open Internet browser and we make some
overloading of do resource like that.
So the press will detect any consumption of the results from the host.
Number one it acts like one and will start doing the migration
OK.
As you say you had no do as of migrating to Windows XP.
Number 5 fall is I want to see at the same time 5 to 8 task migrate virtual machine a hot migration.
Win XP number 5 is X I want lunch one in Morocco to E-6 to land one in Morocco with encryption migrating
VM X beat 5 of Haast IX I want in Morrocco.
So its worked perfectly.
No denigrations start automatically from Isak's.
I want to use X I too have more resource.
So it will take a little time.
And of course the virtual machine number five still about it.
Of course you need just to refresh the console because the console need to refresh to get contact with
the machine.
But if the VM Walkstation the machine will still work without any problem.
So you see it's work perfectly.
The new machine migrated from Essex.
I took it because I want it.
We check like that.
I won.
It was in E6 I wonder what it's become.
Yes I do.
That's me.
This machine migrated Fronde.
If I want to I to succeed really.
If we check this one as you see here the result of the migration depress migrated to Windows XP number
five or 6.
I want to in cluster it cluster.
The name of this one is cluster in Morocco so it's work perfectly.
So to say if we found any machine from one of.
I can't get overloaded Automattic leaders will migrate this machine from a host to another host.
So this is the difference.
Example.
Do a man function of the press in any cluster so to have seat more option of the DNS to see the next.